add tier info (#952)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

*Tiers:*

> ** *AuraDB Free:* A perpetual free tier for learning, prototyping, and small projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** *AuraDB Free:* The free tier suitable for learning, prototyping, and small projects.
```

** *AuraDB Professional:* A scalable, pay-as-you-go tier for production-ready applications.

> ** *AuraDB Business Critical:* A highly available, multi-node cluster for mission-critical workloads requiring a 99.95% uptime SLA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** *AuraDB Business Critical:* A highly available, multi-node cluster for mission-critical workloads.
```

> ** *AuraDB Virtual Dedicated Cloud:* A single-tenant, dedicated environment offering maximum security, isolation, and customizable configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** *AuraDB Virtual Dedicated Cloud:* A single-tenant, dedicated environment with maximum security, isolation, and customizable configurations.
```
